README.md, before:

# RealworldStateTest

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.1.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

mod README.md to present about the project, techstack & deployment method

README.md, after:

## About RealworldStateTest

This project is an implementation follow Realworld open source spec, this spec is followed by many developers internationally. The project purpose is to show how a real application is built, deployed using many different tech stack. From doing this project, I learnt a lot about Angular, State Management, Backend .Net Trick, Deployment using Azure Container Registry, Azure App Service.\
Moreover, I got chances to read many open-source code of my favorite tech stack and have opportunity to hone my skill further. But for now, I haven't have intention to push my code to the CodeBaseShow of the Realworld Project but I may do that in the future when I have more confidence.
[About Realworld Project](https://realworld-docs.netlify.app/)

## Tech Stack used 

* **Angular 17 + State Management NgRx**
* **.NET Core Web Api (.NET 7)** with N-layer + UnitOfWork Architecture & **Postgres Db**
* Api Testing using **Newman** (run-api-tests.bat)
* Deploy FE & BE separately
---

```
Deploy Angular on Vercel with url: (https://realworld-state.vercel.app/)
Deploy PostgresDb using Azure Database for PostgresSQL
Deploy Containerized .NET Api using Azure Container Registry as source & Azure App Service with url: (https://realworldapiapp.azurewebsites.net)
You can verify api working by navigating to this url and get articles data: (https://realworldapiapp.azurewebsites.net/api/articles)
```

## Team Size & Duration of project
Team Size: *1*
Duration: *(22/01 - 13/02)*
